README.md, before:

✨ Welcome to my workspace! ✨

Hi! I’m **Zarifa Alili** 👋  
🌍 Computer Engineering student from **Azerbaijan, Baku**  
💻 I code, learn, build, and explore tech every day!


## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

<p align="left">
  <!-- Backend Core -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Database & Cache -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Messaging & Search -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apachekafka/apachekafka-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- DevOps -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Tools -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="42" />
</p>

---

## 🐍 Contribution Snake
![Snake animation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg)

---

🌱 *Always learning, always growing.*

Commit message:

Revise growth statement in README
Updated personal growth statement to include support for women in tech.

README.md, after:

✨ Welcome to my workspace! ✨

Hi! I’m **Zarifa Alili** 👋  
🌍 Computer Engineering student from **Azerbaijan, Baku**  
💻 I code, learn, build, and explore tech every day!


## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

<p align="left">
  <!-- Backend Core -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Database & Cache -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Messaging & Search -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apachekafka/apachekafka-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- DevOps -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="42" />

  <!-- Tools -->
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="42" />
</p>

---

## 🐍 Contribution Snake
![Snake animation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg)

---

🌱 *Always learning and growing — not only for myself, but for women who want to grow in tech.*
